README.md, before:

# Springer challenge 
##Overview
a simple console version of a drawing program. At this time,

the functionality of the program is quite limited but this might change in the future. In a nutshell , the program should work as follows:

1. create a new canvas.

2. start drawing on the canvas by issuing various commands.

3. quit.

At the moment, the program should support the following commands:

#### **C w h** 
Should create a new canvas of width w and height h.

#### **L x1 y1 x2 y2** 
Should create a new line from (x1,y1) to (x2,y2). Currently only horizontal or vertical lines are supported. Horizontal and vertical lines will be drawn using the 'x' character.

#### **R x1 y1 x2 y2** 
Should create a new rectangle, whose upper left corner is (x1,y1) and lower right corner is (x2,y2). Horizontal and vertical lines will be drawn using the 'x' character.

#### **B x y c** 
Should fill the entire area connected to (x,y) with "color" c. The behavior of this is the same as that of the "bucket fill" tool in paint programs.

#### Q 
Should quit the program.



## Design
###Overview
This system consists of Command, Graphic, Canvas classes. Another set of classes are inhireted from them like CanvasCommand is inhireted from Command, while Line is inhireted from Graphic.

###Command
This class in responsible to validate command parameters and execute the command by creating the right graphics object and call draw method on it.

###Canvas
canvas class manages functionality like putting and getting pixels. It also provides singleton functionality for this object.

###Graphic
This class is responsible to draw object into Canvas. This abstract class that will be implemented by Line, Rectangle and other graphics objects.

Commit message:

adding notes section to readme

README.md, after:

# Springer challenge 
##Overview
a simple console version of a drawing program. At this time,

the functionality of the program is quite limited but this might change in the future. In a nutshell , the program should work as follows:

1. create a new canvas.

2. start drawing on the canvas by issuing various commands.

3. quit.

At the moment, the program should support the following commands:

#### **C w h** 
Should create a new canvas of width w and height h. Canvas starts from (0,0).

#### **L x1 y1 x2 y2** 
Should create a new line from (x1,y1) to (x2,y2). Currently only horizontal or vertical lines are supported. Horizontal and vertical lines will be drawn using the 'x' character.

#### **R x1 y1 x2 y2** 
Should create a new rectangle, whose upper left corner is (x1,y1) and lower right corner is (x2,y2). Horizontal and vertical lines will be drawn using the 'x' character.

#### **B x y c** 
Should fill the entire area connected to (x,y) with "color" c. The behavior of this is the same as that of the "bucket fill" tool in paint programs.

#### Q 
Should quit the program.



## Design
###Overview
This system consists of Command, Graphic, Canvas classes. Another set of classes are inhireted from them like CanvasCommand is inhireted from Command, while Line is inhireted from Graphic.

###Command
This class in responsible to validate command parameters and execute the command by creating the right graphics object and call draw method on it.

###Canvas
canvas class manages functionality like putting and getting pixels. It also provides singleton functionality for this object.

###Graphic
This class is responsible to draw object into Canvas. This abstract class that will be implemented by Line, Rectangle and other graphics objects.


## Notes
### Number of paramters
commands ignores extra paramters, but fail in case of missing parameter.
